c:\users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.exe.config
c:\users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.exe
c:\users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.pdb
c:\users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.xml
c:\users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Main.resources
c:\users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Resources.resources
c:\users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.exe
c:\users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.xml
c:\users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.pdb
C:\Users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Setting.resources
C:\Users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Previewpicture.resources
C:\Users\histe\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.Reli.resources
C:\Users\histe\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.exe.manifest
C:\Users\histe\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\bin\Debug\Music.application
C:\Users\histe\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.exe.manifest
C:\Users\histe\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Music\Music\obj\Debug\Music.application
